Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hi (exhales sharply).
My name is Kayla.
I'm 28.
And my boyfriend
is an alcoholic.
And an addict.
And quite frankly.
he's an asshole.
especially when he's using.
Well. I mean. mostly
when he's using.
And I have tried everything
that I could to help
and support him.
And you know what?
I'm exhausted.
I am literally at my wits end.
I took him to rehab.
AA. sober living.
Nice places.
You know he'd get sober
and it would be great.
But guess what?
No flowers. no trips. nothing.
Nothing really changed.
but it was cozy.
it was comfortable.
we were here together
and it was beautiful.
And then he would relapse.
I don't know why. what did I do?
Did I not. did I
not love him enough?
Did I not try enough?
What did I do wrong?
And I fucking tried.
I'm still here. and he
doesn't even acknowledge that.
He doesn't even acknowledge
that I've wasted
four years of my life for him.
So I'm gonna do
something unconventional.
I am going to film
this entire thing.
from finding you. to
your whole detox process.
to you becoming sober.
Kayla.
are you done yet?
Oh God. I don't
want it to be real.
I don't wanna be
done with him (sobs).
I just want him back.
God. I'm a baby.
We gotta go find him.
- Let's go.
- We gotta go find him.
Okay. let's go.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
♪ Stack it
♪ It's Fahrenheit 51
♪ I was sober in October
and fucked up in December ♪
♪ December I don't
really remember ♪
♪ But sober October damn
really ran me over ♪
♪ So what's worse. life being
a blur or having it hurt ♪
♪ Right now I haven't really
decided so no Vicodin ♪
♪ But I'll take that weed
♪ I'm high now. I need to
feed. fee-ee-d like a GG ♪
♪ Usually calm as a mean
machine and I tried codeine ♪
♪ Didn't say you should or
shouldn't be a good influence ♪
♪ I couldn't 51 stance with
a beer can and a joint ♪
♪ I hope you get
the fucking point ♪
♪ Stack it
♪ I've been scared
my whole life ♪
♪ At one point a way
out including a knife ♪
♪ And I'm straying
from fast rap ♪
♪ I got that on tap.
so I spit slow ♪
♪ So it's not a ooh. I'm just
a fucking dope rapper yo ♪
♪ It's really
about what I said ♪
♪ It ain't about the fact
♪ That I do stupid shit on
my head in a fucking video ♪
♪ It's about the fact that
I haven't even done a show ♪
you don't even fucking know ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ And I got that
Marlboro packet ♪
♪ And you know I
still stack it ♪
♪ You know I still stack it.
you know I still stack it ♪
♪ You know I still stack it
♪ You know I still stack it.
you know I still stack it ♪
♪ You know I still stack it
♪ You know I still stack it.
you know I still stack it ♪
♪ You know I still stack it
♪ Stack it
♪ Stack it. stack it
Yeah. don't
get. don't get killed
running across the street
to this random stranger.
And?
- He's not there.
- Okay.
- They kicked him out
like the first day
he disappeared. so.
That's a big surprise.
Yeah well
he was with Wayne.
which is good because Wayne
lives really close to here. so-
Right. his dealer?
Yeah. it's good that he's
with Wayne. thank God.
Yeah. you know what?
It is good that he's with Wayne.
because Wayne probably held
him up for a while. so.
Put him up.
Yeah and
also got him fucked up.
Yes we're close. we are close
to finding yet another disaster.
Richard or creepy netflag.
I'm not looking in the tents.
I'm not getting out.
You have to get out and do this.
I am not. I
don't wanna get out
and look in the fucking tents.
I'm so afraid down here.
I hate this area.
- Oh. oh. oh my God.
Who is
that. is that him?
This is just
so. like why do we have to
put together clues to find him?
Like who is this random person?
I get it
but we're close.
Who does he
hang out with. whatever.
How much longer are
we gonna be out here?
I don't know.
I mean. I'm gonna
be here all night.
If you wanna go home.
you can go home.
I can swing back
by the apartment.
Mm-hm. yup. 'cause
I'm gonna leave you alone.
I'm just saying
this isn't fair.
- Oh shit he just texted me.
- What no (scoffs).
Oh my God. I'm
gonna ping his location.
He texted
you after five days?
Oh my God.
we are right here.
What a douche.
Oh my God. we are
right here. Dayna. oh my God.
Okay.
well. he's alive.
let's chill.
- I know.
He's just been
a douche bag once again.
so let's treat him sensitively.
Let's just try
this alley really quick
and just see if he's over there.
Yep. let's just try
this alley. you and I. yup.
Okay. cool.
- Look really close.
- Yeah. I see
a bunch of dumpsters.
- Richard!
- Is that him?
- Stop it.
- Richard!
- Look for him.
- Dick!
Oh. all right.
- Oh my God!
- Oh. holy shit.
- Oh my God.
There he is.
Kayla.
wait. whoa whoa whoa.
Oh fuck.
Oh my God. look at
him. Dayna. I can't.
Is he just
sitting in trash?
Hey. hi.
Kayla.
I'm good. what.
wait. wait. wait.
Here. sit down.
Sit down.
- Come on.
Come on. sit down.
Sit down. what-
- What the?
These. you see
'em. where is it?
Where is it?
That. is that it.
is that the pill?
- What?
- Yeah.
there's the little guy.
- Honey.
- You gotta take this.
You've gotta try this one time.
You'll go to the moon.
- Okay.
- Is what this will do.
Yeah. well. I wanna go home.
You want it?
I'll take it.
You and I are
gonna. no. no. no. no.
Get that. babe. get
that out of your mouth
right fucking now.
Get it out of your mouth!
Fuck. God dammit.
you're disgusting.
Do you see how
embarrassing you are?
Ever since your dad died.
you think that you can have
some fucking excuse-
- Don't fucking.
don't fucking. hey!
I'm sorry.
Don't talk about
my fucking dad.
Okay?
You know that subject
is off limits.
Honey. I'm sorry.
You okay?
What?
What do you. what do you want?
- Okay. come on. honey.
- Where are we going?
We're gonna go home.
Yeah. I'll go. here we go.
Stop. come on.
Come on.
Oop. douche
go bag go down hard.
- Dayna.
- What?
- Hold on.
- Oh my God.
Okay. oh God.
Okay.
- You okay?
Yeah. I'm holding you up now.
- Okay.
- See how I'm holding you up?
- Yup.
- He found his feet again.
Oh. and there he goes again.
Dude. I am so.
- I'm all right. okay.
- Oh.
Oh shit. man. this
is fucking like.
so many angles
that I could walk.
What the-
- Hey. loser.
- Oh. Dayna!
- Aw. so glad
we could track you down. man.
Hey. you're a fucking bitch.
What. what's with the
fuck. is that a camera?
What are you doing
with a camera?
- Oh my God.
- What are you doing?
It's for a project.
don't worry about it.
Come on. let's go.
- You okay. 'cause I'm here
for you. buddy.
- All right. all right.
All for you. buddy.
Just get in the car.
- I'm getting in the car.
In the car.
- Yeah. in the car.
- The car. yeah.
- Holy shit. dude.
- I know. I know. he smells.
Geez. oh my. how
were you that close to him
and you-
- Hey. there's a camera.
Food?
- Babe. we're going home now.
- We're gonna get some food.
- Why don't you just take off
your shirt. dude?
Okay. oh
wow. horrendous.
This whole experience.
Okay. oh. is it just me
or does he smells worse
with every step?
- Oh. Dayna.
- I can't. I can't.
Ah. come on. babe.
Walk forward. please.
Do you remember our bed?
- I do.
Right here.
can you lie down. please?
I do.
Oh God.
Honey. can you please
take off your shirt?
- No.
- Take your shirt off
right now.
- I don't want to.
It's covered in vomit.
Take your shirt off. please.
- I don't want to.
- Can you please take it off.
I don't
want. what are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Just sleep. okay?
Okay.
Kayla.
Babe.
Oh my God.
Damn it.
Well. Richard. you've sent
us on another scavenger hunt.
Huh?
What did you find
up there. girl?
Put it in the magic bowl.
- Mm-hm.
Cool.
You know you could help.
I. oh nice. this
antique tea set
that Mom and Dad got us.
Perfect place.
I never use it.
so. I guess. yes.
Respect. babe.
Aw. fuck.
Oh dear. okay.
Well. this was lazy. Richard.
I don't cook.
You don't cook?
Are you ever in your home?
Do you open these
cupboards ever?
Do you go to the grocery store?
Not really.
Well. here's just
what we found so far.
Just a little
smattering of. ya know.
Do you have to be so
smug and rude about it?
Yeah. I do.
Look. I don't care if
you don't want to help him
or give a shit about him.
I just want you to
support me. that's it.
I've been supporting you.
I have to watch you
in pain all the time.
And you. you refuse. you
refuse to just end it.
And honestly. I feel
pretty degraded myself.
You choose this piece
of shit over like
people who love you.
♪ Just love me.
won't you love me ♪
♪ How can you
It's a lot. babe.
♪ Don't you understand.
understand. understand ♪
I know I don't say thank
you a lot and I don't express
my gratitude to you.
But I thank you and I love you.
- I love you too.
- I promise you this is it.
This is it. this'll
be the last time.
And I'm done.
- Promise?
- I do. I will.
I promise.
It's bad.
It's like homemade-
- That's fermented.
Oh my God. it's everywhere.
How do I not see this. Dayna?
How do you not see this. babe.
It's doesn't even have a.
it doesn't even have
a wrapper on it.
I don't know. I have no words.
She's just. I'm not in my
kitchen. I work full time.
You eat?
Richard. you are one
sneaky motherfucker.
Maybe a masculine
energy is what he needs.
Maybe I'm too weak.
No. you are not
too weak. my friend.
- I feel weak.
- Masculine energy my ass.
That guy's just gotta get
his head out of his ass.
David. hi.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I did. um.
In an alley off of
Gower. actually.
Mm-hm. yeah he's passed out
in the bedroom right now.
So he's safe.
Mm-hm. yeah. ten in the
morning tomorrow would be good.
And then. um. then we'll go up
to the mountains at my dad's.
You too. yeah. you too.
Okay. drive safe.
- Hi.
- Hey.
David. come on in.
How's it going?
How's he doing?
Hey. how are you?
Where is he.
how's he. how's he doing?
He is alive.
So that's one thing.
And. um. he's in the shower.
Okay. good.
So. thank you for driving
all the way down here.
I know that's a really long way.
No. he's. I mean. he's
one of my best friends.
it's really not a
big deal at all.
I'm. I'm sorry for not
being around as much as I
really should be.
- It's okay.
It's just. I don't know.
You know. our drinking nights
when we used to smoke weed
and all of that. they've.
they've kinda just changed.
And now he just.
smokes until oblivion
and becomes a dick. so.
- Yeah. I know.
I live with him now
so. I understand.
Yeah. I think it's
amazing what you're doing.
honestly. and if you need any
help. obviously. I'm here. so.
Thank you. thank you so much.
Um. do you want some water?
Do you wanna sit down?
Ah. yeah and.
and yes. thank you.
Okay. sure. I will be
right. well. nevermind.
Hey!
- What's up. what's up?
- Come on in.
- So where is the party boy.
Big Rich. what's going on?
Ah. he is in the shower.
You got him to bathe?
I did. yeah. he was
disgusting last night.
full of vomit and piss.
it was-
- He really turned over
that new leaf then.
- Hopefully.
- Okay.
How are you?
- Good.
Same old. ya know.
Really appreciate
you calling me.
But not really though.
'cause I don't wanna be here.
But. my mom's always told
me sometimes you help people
not 'cause they deserve it.
but because it's the
right thing to do. so.
Look. I'm. I'm sorry. I
should've. I should've called.
I'm really embarrassed by
what happened at your job.
I wanted. I should've asked
you how everything was there.
About as good as it can be.
I still get flagged for
bringing in the asshole
that pissed in the trash can
and gave my boss the finger.
but other than that. it's good.
Kinda.
- By the way. this is David.
David. this is Richard's
childhood friend.
- Hey. man.
- Um. you can have a seat.
I'll get you guys some water.
And um. yeah.
- What's up. bro?
Feel like I know your face.
Ah. the funeral.
For Richard's dad.
- Gotcha.
- Yeah.
- Good man. good man.
Yeah. yeah. he was.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
Oh hey. where's
the vomit-stained party boy?
I just said that
exact same thing.
but you said it
way more negative.
Yeah I meant it negative.
He's a dick.
I don't have a lot
of faith in this.
I mean. what has it been?
Four rehabs. two
outpatient facilities?
Countless drunk
and disorderliness.
that was so embarrassing.
It's not a strong chance
this is gonna work
but I am here. I am here.
And you promised me. so.
With my camcorder. so.
I don't know how you
guys feel. but for me.
if this trip doesn't
work. I'm finally done.
Yo eh. let me just say.
my hat if off to you.
I don't know how you got
Rich of all people to agree
to go on a nature trip.
Don't. don't get me wrong.
he loves his trips. right?
You got your shroom trips.
you got the acid trips. but-
The stair trips. up
and down the stairs.
- Something like that.
- Right. right. right?
He do those but a nature
trip. we gonna need Gandhi
to keep him level-headed
up there. like-
I don't even know if Gandhi
can handle Richard actually.
I think we need
like a survivalist.
like someone with a big knife.
Like a Bear Grylls or a
Steve Irwin or something.
That's my guy.
I don't know Bear Grylls or
whatever but Steve Irwin.
that's my dude. man.
After he passed. bro. it
still stings to this day.
- Really?
- Oh come on.
Guys. you guys. I
don't think that we need
to put our eggs in one
basket to all these heroes.
Do you know what I mean?
I think we can be those heroes.
That's why you guys are here.
It's what we can do.
We might not all have
as much conviction as you.
But we're still here.
And we all know that there's
a good guy inside of Richard.
We. we do.
And we really hope
we see him again.
Kayla. where is my fucking?
Hello. everyone.
- Welcome back.
- Yeah.
- Thanks for the shower.
- Kayla. what the fuck?
Like what is. what. what
is everyone doing here?
We're here
because we love you.
Speak for yourself.
Correct.
We-
- Love Kayla.
- We're here because.
I invited everyone here
babe. because we. well.
quite frankly. you
have a problem.
And you know you have a problem.
Dayna and I were up all night
going through my apartment
looking for your shit.
So if anyone has to hide
their stash or liqueur
inside fucking water
bottles and put them
under who God knows where.
has a fucking problem.
Do you understand?
Wake up!
There is no other
way to put it.
Whoa.
Ooh. whoa.
- Sorry.
I didn't mean to come
off so rude right there.
Things got really serious
up in here. didn't they?
I was actually hoping
that maybe you guys
wanted to hang out.
I know. um. you probably
flushed my weed.
but I'm sure I could
get something delivered.
Do you. do you
hear yourself. man?
What are you talking about?
Kayla. he does not respect you.
I don't know why
we're doing this.
Oh. Jameson.
how are ya. buddy?
It's been a long time.
What's up. Rich?
I'm good. man.
Probably not as good as
you as far as the intake
of substances though.
Touche. I have definitely
had an abundance of substances
but very little this morning
thanks to these
two little birdies.
Rich. come on. man. you're
being like a cliche right now.
I said very little substances.
so. I still don't know
what the fuck a cliche is.
You. you're being
a cliche right now.
That's what this means.
This is cliche.
It's cliche.
- I think I can. ah.
look. cliche is like when. um.
You're just an addict
and an alcoholic. bro.
There's nothing special
about this situation.
And an asshole.
I mean. even more of an asshole
with the substances. but.
- That part.
- So.
And what's so wrong with that?
Nobody wants to be
around you anymore.
You are a liability.
You don't think about
anybody but yourself
and it's disgusting.
And honestly. you puke on your
shirt and sleep in it. gross.
All right. good to know.
I guess I've come to
the conclusion that
this is bullshit.
And. not only is it bullshit
but there seems to be some
sort of reality TV show
in this apartment.
What the fuck's up
with the camera?
I don't remember signing
on for anything like that.
No. we're making the greatest
horror film of all time
with you as the star.
Kayla. go ahead.
Babe. do you remember
the camera last night
that you saw in the car?
Do you think he has?
Obviously you don't remember.
But that's. we are
filming everything. babe.
We are filming this
entire intervention.
And I brought your best
friends along. so that-
Oh. let. let's not
be too quick to use
'best friend' for me. all right?
- I too.
- Way too much commitment
for Mr. Pissing the
trashcan over here.
- Wait. what?
- This fool pissed
in my boss' trashcan.
- Your boss' trashcan?
- My boss' trashcan.
- You soiled public property?
I told you already
that I was sorry.
It was a mistake.
I thought that Percocet
and Vicodin felt the same.
so when I took them.
and I came into work.
I was fucking zonked. man.
Just let it. hey.
hey. let it go.
- Let it go?
- Yeah.
You want me to let it go?
Okay. tell you what.
I'll let it go.
I'll let it go when you
apologize to my boss
and the entire office.
But. but you wouldn't do that.
Na. you haven't
been back not once.
Not to clean out your desk.
not to pickup your
last paycheck.
Not even to clean
up your own piss.
You know who had to do that?
Yeah. me.
I had to clean up a grown
man's piss all 'cause he
ain't got no goddamn restraint.
I can't even look my
co-workers in they eyes.
I can't go a week without one
of them bringing your shit up.
Yeah so. so. man. go fuck
yourself. right. Rich.
I second that.
Okay. I think. ah. what
Jameson is trying to say
is-
- What is he trying to say.
David?
- That we're all friends here.
and we're all just
trying to support you.
And honestly. man. if you
don't just pack up your things
and come on this trip with us
like we have planned for you.
then I don't know.
I don't know what
else to really say.
What trip?
Kayla. what-
- Um.
What trip is he talking about?
Do you remember that
house that our dad
bought up in the mountains?
Well. we're gonna take you there
and we're gonna be there
for you while you detox.
- I'm not doing that.
- Yes. you are. Richard.
Yes you are.
Why would I go up there?
I'm not. I'm not-
Look. babe. all I'm
saying is that you're coming
on this trip right now because
I don't need you to have
any cell reception.
do you understand?
I don't need you to have Wayne
in your fucking back pocket.
I don't need you to be calling
any of your hangers-on.
or your dealers. or
whatever the fuck.
Because I want you sober.
I need you sober.
Because I can't do this anymore.
If you do not get help.
I'm done.
And I don't have to remind
you that this is my apartment.
That means you'll be out on
the street. do you understand?
That's where you're
most comfortable though.
so it's honestly
a win-win for you.
Well then I guess it's
off to the wilderness we go.
- Let's do it.
- Let's pack the car. right?
Oh yeah.
Wow. okay. so we're going.
I kind of figured and hoped
that this would end here.
but. good job. you did it.
Right?
Proud of you.
Well. looks like we're
headed to the great outdoors.
I can think of
worse places to be.
Mm-hm. yeah. you're not
much of a nature guy. are you?
What. what. why you say that?
I don't know.
where's this vest from?
Bruh. no this ain't that. man.
Look. when I step out.
I'm stepping out clean.
That's how I operate. okay?
So don't insult my vest.
My vest is fine.
You need to be
worried about yourself
looking like a
hipster lumberjack
just fell out of
Barnes and Nobles.
I don't even know
what that means.
But. ah. is this vest
even a camping vest.
or is it just supposed to
look like a camping vest?
Because-
- Look. man.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
Picked this vest up
about three weeks ago.
There was this chick I was
trying to hook up with.
- Okay.
- She like hiking.
so. you know. wanted
her to feel like
I was a outdoorsy-type dude.
Okay. well. she's a big fan
of hiking. clueless in nature.
'cause this is definitely
more GQ than REI.
Speaking of girls. ah. Dayna.
she's kind of cute. huh?
I don't know.
Why. what's up.
you interested?
No. actually not
my type at all.
But I think you
should go for it.
Yeah. it kinda felt
like we was vibing. so.
By all means.
- Let me hold that.
- Oh. oh.
Cool. cool.
Yeah. so this is. oh-
- Oh.
Here. let me help you.
- Pretty much the last of it.
Where is David?
I thought he was supposed
to be helping you?
Ah. I think he went
back to go help Kayla
motivate Richard.
- Right. the peace-making.
God bless David.
So what's up with all the
tents and sleeping bags.
I thought your dad
had a house up there?
Yeah. yeah. it's more
like a 30-acre campground.
- Okay.
- It's actually
pretty dilapidated but the main
house is in good condition.
It's a little bit like Goldie
Locks and the three bears
are getting ready to
have a tea party there.
Cozier than it sounds.
Um. there are usually
caretakers there
but my dad said something
about them quitting.
I don't really know.
He doesn't really listen.
Um. I don't even know
if it has electricity.
- Damn.
- But that poor bastard
can sleep anywhere as
far as I'm concerned.
Maybe the bears'll get him.
- Harsh.
- And he will be
out of our lives forever.
It's too harsh.
Yeah. Kayla thought it
would be more therapeutic
if we camped in back.
A more rustic setting
for the healing.
But there are bears out there.
I mean. I haven't seen them
when I've been up there
but there are bears.
just so you know.
I mean. if you get scared.
I think the bears
ate the caretakers.
Woo.
I said
I'm coming. all right?
All right. I'm gonna
get the rest of this.
♪ Everyone in movies
looks so young ♪
♪ Be it the hero or
the bandit on the run ♪
♪ Took my chances flying
too close to the sun ♪
♪ California ain't
for everyone ♪
♪ Wrote a few songs up
on Magic Stallion Drive ♪
♪ About some memories of
me trying to survive ♪
♪ Late at night. if
you stand quiet ♪
I literally cannot believe
that these are the
seating arrangements.
Like. Kayla.
I get car sick. I don't
know what to tell you.
Babe. so you're telling
me. ah. we're going.
we're going up to your. to
your dad's place. right?
And there's not gonna be
any weed. alcohol. pills.
nothing like that. so
I'm just gonna have
a shitty three days ahead of me?
Just trying to figure that out.
Bro. let me put
something into perspective
for you right quick.
Ah. you were recently
discovered. right?
High outta your
gourd. all right?
Passed out by a dumpster.
- True story.
All right. you should at
least have a little bit of time.
take a break for your detox
and your intervention.
Chill out.
- I'm not saying
that I can't. I've
already agreed to it.
I was just trying to
make a final appeal.
There is no
final appeal. Rich.
We told you back
at the apartment.
Kayla told you back
You either get clean or
it's the end of the line.
Yeah. and it's
about fucking time.
If you ask me.
Dayna. if you could.
just for me. and um.
just for me and the world.
will you shut the fuck up?
For five minutes
that would be great.
Right back at you. asshole.
- All right.
- I'm sorry.
I can express my true feelings
for five fucking minutes
if he's gonna fucking
talk to me like this.
I understand. but we don't
need to drive this way.
like this. okay?
Babe. you do not talk
to my sister like that.
And Dayna. don't
perpetuate this.
Okay. we are trying to help him.
Babe. you do have
a problem though.
For you. we are here for you.
so watch the attitude. please.
I wouldn't hold your breathe.
I would not hold your breathe
I cannot imagine a
universe in which Richard
has a good attitude
about being sober.
Oh that's great. Jameson.
Just talking shit. just
talking shit. that's just.
that's just great.
I really don't understand
because since the office thing.
what could I have done to you?
I don't know if
you've noticed. bro.
but we ain't hung out
since the work incident.
So yeah. no. you ain't had a
chance to screw me over again.
But you would.
I mean. you're just
not responsible. man.
Okay. Rich. I know
you're coming off of stuff.
I understand you're
uncomfortable.
But you gotta throw us
a bone here. all right?
Let's put a little
effort in. please?
And. and. and we're all
up here for you. man.
Let's just have a
better vibe. all right?
Do you even have a
better vibe to switch to?
I have a headache the
size of Mount Rushmore.
Wait. is Mount Rushmore big?
- Yes.
- Ah yeah.
it's. Mount Rushmore is
big. it's a mountain.
Okay. I thought
it might be small.
Smoked your brains
out all the way. man.
You gotta chill. big dawg.
Does anyone ever
ask the alcoholic.
as you all labeled me. what
I think about all this?
Because. I personally
like doing drugs.
And. I'm not a big fan of life.
Life sucks.
No no no. your life sucks.
Life don't suck.
My life don't suck.
your life sucks.
Yeah. you know what. Rich?
I do think you. you know.
you're a good guy. all right?
And I wanna see you do well.
You made a lot of
mistakes. man. most of 'em
are irreparable. but there's
a good guy inside of you.
I hope he comes out.
You know
what. ah. Rich.
maybe you should get some sleep.
I don't know.
♪ Happy ending
♪ Let's be happy about
♪ Just received this
Hey. um. did you tell
Dad we were coming up here?
Ah. yes. I did.
I called him yesterday.
- Oh. okay.
Ah. did you tell him why
we were coming up here?
Ah. yeah. I did.
Hey-
- Wow. okay.
well. what did he say?
I know he's never been
a big fan of Richard.
- Okay. well-
- That's a surprise. honestly.
Yeah. big shocker.
He's not a fan. mostly
because of what Dayna
has told him. so.
Oh. so you're gonna throw
the messenger under the bus?
Babe. I can't sugarcoat facts.
Oh hey. any of y'all
been to that restaurant
off Vine and Melrose.
like by where the old
Oinkster used to be?
It's called Jameson.
- Oh yeah.
They got the best pizza
fries. man. I'm telling you.
- I'm sorry?
- Whoa. whoa. what?
What did you say. pizza fries?
They're like fries but
you get all the toppings
from a pizza.
- Why?
No. no. no. no. look.
look. look. don't do that.
Look. look. and I had
the same first reaction
as y'all did. okay?
But when I sat down. saw
that on the menu. man.
Look. I went to this place
'cause it's called
Jameson. right?
I like to go to a
place where I feel.
you know. already like
comfortable and welcome. right?
What better way than by going
to a place called Jameson's?
And my name is Jameson.
- Yeah we knew that.
I don't know if that makes
any. I mean. I'm just trying
to think of. I don't
know if I'd go to a place
just called David's.
- Well. you don't know that.
now do you. David?
- I guess I don't.
Yo. to each his own.
But anyway. let me tell you
about these pizza
fries. all right?
'Cause they were exceptional
and I will tell you why.
I don't think we
need to know why.
I'm gonna gag if you explain it.
Yeah. well. I'm gonna tell
you anyway. okay. all right?
'Cause this might
change your life.
I'm just letting
you know. right?
I'm just trying
to wrap my head around this.
I wouldn't
go to a restaurant
called David's either.
- Like. who were you with?
Yeah. who were you with?
I was by myself.
Oh ho. so this
was a little date?
So wait. you went to
a place called Jameson's
'cause your name is Jameson
and you went by yourself?
- Yeah.
When you say it like
that. I guess I do sound
a little self indulgent.
- Not a little self indulgent.
a lot self indulgent.
but I am here for it.
Fair enough.
Y'all gonna let me tell
you about the pizza fries.
or what's up?
- Fine. go on.
All right. so now. what
made these pizza fries
like just delectable is like
the main thing is. look. look.
you know it's a lot of different
type of fries out there.
All right. you've got crinkle
cut. you got waffle fries.
- Sure.
- Curly fries.
- Right.
- No.
- Steak fries.
Mm. refresh me on
steak fries again.
Like. steak fries.
like a thicker cut.
Like it's cut like a
steak. so they call 'em
like steak fries.
- Not sure that's why
it's called that. but.
- It's like a sturdy fry?
Sturdy fry. right.
So basically 'cause
they using these fries.
it was like the
perfect combination
of this thick potato.
man. and when it mix
with the pepperoni.
the crispiness of the
pepperoni was amazing.
and the mozzarella.
It'll change your life. it'll
really make you revaluate
like why I'm eating.
you know. what I eat?
I gotta switch it
up a little bit.
I don't know how vegans do it.
I put that little bit
of pepperoni on mine.
I go to work. man. I'm telling
you. it'll change your life.
I mean. I would try it.
- David.
- Right.
that's what I'm saying.
Yeah. I mean. I'd
have to be drunk. but
Sounds good.
- I was. I was drunk.
Definitely drunk.
- Cheeseburger.
- What'd you say. Ricky D?
- What the fuck?
- Got the hangover mumble.
Cheeseburger?
This dude's
talking to himself.
You said cheeseburger?
That's. that's right. man.
Ooh. all right.
- Here we are.
Hey. why are we stopping here?
I don't see a home.
My dad was worried
about trespassers. so.
we gotta walk the
rest of the way.
All right. well. ah. wanna
grab some bags. Jameson?
Let's do it.
I think Richard should
grab all the bags.
Doesn't that seem fair?
I'm already detoxing.
ah. from multiple things.
- Oh right.
- Multiple things.
I don't really feel like doing
any hard labor right now.
Aw poor guy. took a bunch
of substances voluntarily
and now he doesn't wanna
do any physical labor.
Let's clean up
his mess again. huh?
- Great.
- Okay.
Fine. fine. hand me a bag.
Grab one of these bags.
Oh. oops. oops. my bad. my bad.
Can you pick that up?
That's what happens to you.
- I guess I can.
- When you are being a dick.
Come on Rich.
you've got it man.
That's real nice.
This shit sucks as much as
I thought it was gonna suck.
Really. I mean. wow.
nature. amazing.
Ah. but. I have sobered
up a little bit.
and I just wanted to
say that I'm sorry
about what I said earlier.
although I think all of this
is completely unnecessary.
all of it.
- Actually. Richard.
I think this is the most
necessary thing you've ever done
in your life.
All right. point taken.
I guess I'll just
shut the fuck up.
- Please.
- I've been trying to say that
to ya this whole trip. but
I couldn't figure out a way
to make it sound polite.
- You can't be in a bad mood
out here.
- Yes I can.
Easily!
And I'm trying to
have a good time.
David?
You gotta admit this shit sucks.
I mean. I'm already starting
to get the shakes over here.
What are. what are. what
are the fucking shakes?
I don't know. they happen
after I drink a bunch.
and then if I take a day off.
all of a sudden
I get the shakes.
It's called detoxing.
Dude. detoxing only
happens with drugs.
- Alcohol is a drug. man.
- Alcohol is not a drug.
It's been around forever.
Yeah. so has
weed but it's still a drug.
So you're trying to tell
me that weed and alcohol
are the same as
cocaine and ecstasy?
No. no. you idiot.
They're just saying they're
both classified as drugs.
please don't do them
again. let's go!
All right. let's
just. leave him alone.
This is already kind of
a fucked up situation.
It was fucked up
before we got here.
You're actually just
keeping it continuous. so.
I get it.
I'm sorry.
I am sorry. I'm.
I will say. I didn't really
realize till earlier today
that. um. I didn't realize
that I was affecting your life
as much as Kayla's
until earlier today.
All right?
I didn't. I. I always justified
Kayla because. you know.
she's affected by me. but she
knew what she signed up for
when she was with me.
- Yeah. yeah she knew.
She knew.
She understood that you were
going through a rough patch.
I don't think she thought
it was gonna go on
and on and on.
There's no end in sight.
All right. this
is. this is okay.
This is okay. Rich.
we're good. right?
I mean he's here.
So let's not be so hard
on him anymore. okay?
Let's just keep going.
That's fine.
You okay.
do you want some water?
- No.
Okay. so y'all
really were (indistinct).
I missed
it so much up here.
Haven't you. Kayla?
Kayla. how much
farther along do we have to go?
- Quit complaining.
- I'm (sighs). stop filming.
You gotta sweat
out the alcohol. man. come on.
Well. I took mushrooms and
I thought I was in nature.
Okay. well. maybe we'll just
pretend you're on mushrooms
I don't know.
Doesn't this. don't these woods
kind of remind you of that.
I forget the name of it.
horror movie we watched
that one night. remember that?
We should do
another movie night.
What. "Blood Mother?"
That one?
- Yeah. yeah.
that was it. right?
- Yeah. okay.
Doesn't it look
exactly like those woods?
It does but I can
just watch it at home
and I could be high
while it happens.
- Come on!
- What?
We high in
altitude. all right?
- Yeah. yeah.
- That's your high.
- There we go.
- High in altitude?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Are we close to
the house. or what?
- Yeah.
- Are we close. 'cause.
Do you
need a little break?
- I would like-
- Wanna sit down?
I would like a break.
yeah. that would be good.
- Did anybody bring?
- What?
- You know.
- Oxygen?
Do you
need a little oxygen?
Should we bother a park ranger?
Remember when we had to
call that park ranger.
We shouldn't unpack our stuff.
He can make
it. he can make it.
Yeah. let's not unpack
right now. come on.
- Let's go.
Here. you want. I'll even take-
If I don't have to
hear anymore banter.
The only thing I'm grateful
for right now is you.
- Good.
- But not this.
Not. not. the intervention.
I really was just.
I just can't get over
how beautiful it is.
Okay. ooh.
she making a tape.
What you doing?
Ooh. get me. get
my good side. ooh.
What I'm looking like. ooh.
Get me with her one time.
Oh fuh. thank God.
the fucking house.
Ah.
ooh. yeah. we in there.
I like it.
Sis. you're
killing those pants.
I do love those.
Oh my gosh. thank you.
- Ooh.
- Thank you for letting me
borrow them.
- Oh God. okay.
This won't be so bad.
Ah. what won't be bad?
Staying in the house?
'Cause we're not.
We're staying back
there behind it.
- Why?
- Well. it does look like
the caretakers quit
a few weeks ago.
And the electricity
looks completely off.
and you don't deserve it.
Nice. so. actual
camping. like in tents.
Ah. come on. an air
mattress in a tent
is gonna beat the hell out
of an alley way. right?
We don't know that. we
can't say definitively.
It'll be fine. babe.
I'm just gonna go run
in and get some stuff.
But if you guys wanna start
setting up. it's literally just
right behind the deck.
And I'll be right back.
- You good?
- Yeah!
So this is camping?
That's. that's great.
People do this?
Yes. Richard. people do this
and they seem to enjoy it.
Come on. man.
This has gotta be better
than giving blow jobs
to the local biker gang for
vodka in a dark alley. right?
I'm sorry. bro. I had to.
Jameson. are you
always like this
or is it just 'cause
this jackass is around
to motivate you?
Aw. man. I. I
actually consider myself
a pretty like angry guy.
Humor allows me to kinda like
hedge my initial response
so I don't. you know.
blow up at people. so.
Kayla. you think
I should try that?
Yes. please.
Well. I don't know. I
haven't always been like this.
I. I guess like after
my little brother died.
I. ah. I just got
like real angry.
So.
I'm sorry.
Ah yeah. it's all good.
But yeah. man. my. ah.
my little brother. ah.
died in a car accident.
He wasn't even driving.
What happened to him?
Was it drunk driving. or?
- Nah.
- Just one of those things?
If a 90-year-old woman
plowing through a fucking red
light and hitting another car
when she shouldn't even
been fucking driving
is just one of those things.
then. eh. I guess so.
I ah. I didn't know. man.
I wasn't. I wasn't trying
to discount anything.
But no harm. no foul. right?
My little brother.
he was the good one.
Ronnie was the best. man.
Like straight-A student.
Never touched drugs.
alcohol. none of that.
He was an Eagle Scout.
straight As. man.
He volunteered for
this local organization
that. ah. helped homeless teens.
And. ah.
- Doesn't make you
a worse person or better
just because you wanted
to live your life
the way you wanted to.
You know my therapist.
on multiple occasions.
she told me the same
exact thing. man.
But I still can't bring
myself to believe it.
When my little brother died.
I honestly feel like
it was a mistake. man.
God doesn't make mistakes.
Eh oh. well. if God
didn't make a mistake
then somebody else
fucking did 'cause Ronnie
should still be here. man.
So yeah. that's. ah.
that's why I use humor.
'cause like. ah. trying
to think about life
and just how fragile it is.
it's like. it's just
too much. man. so.
I am sorry.
I. I. ah. didn't know
that. Jameson. so.
Yeah. me too. Rich.
But shit. man. I didn't come
here to put like a damper
on the whole journey
through the wilderness
with our good brother
Rich here. so. ah.
enough about me.
All right.
Is. ah. is that why you
treat me the way you do?
'Cause maybe your brother
should be here instead of me?
You know what. Rich?
You must be sober
'cause that's the most clarity
I've heard from you
since back before
the work incident. right?
And yeah. man.
I. you know. I think there is
a little bit of resentment.
I just don't get why people
that piss their
life away. right?
Just get to keep pissing it
away when people who deserve
to be here. aren't. right?
And that made me question God.
So bro. you know.
I'm angry at you
but it ain't got nothing
to do with the work. bro.
It's 'cause you made
me question God.
And your screw-up after
screw-up after screw-up
of a life is just another
drop in the bucket
of my evidence that
fucking God don't exist.
Jameson. you don't have
to keep talking about it.
Look. I'm not gonna
make an excuse.
but he's an alcoholic
and a drug addict.
And it's a disease.
This. eh. I'm gonna just
have to take your word
on that whole disease
shit. all right?
Cancer is a disease.
Mesothelioma is
a damned disease.
This motherfucker
just a lazy shit.
- I second that.
- I. I hear you. man.
but I. I. if that's the
case. then a lot of people
who are fucked up. they
would just stop drinking.
They wouldn't need a
12-step program or rehab.
Your disease is curable
and the cure is like
two miles from your
apartment. man.
I. I agree with
what he's saying.
It's. think about all those
stories we read all the time
about our friends or celebrities
OD-ing. and they die.
It's. there's something.
it's not random.
there's something in their head.
- Because they choose.
- No. it's.
it's more than that.
it's not their fault.
It's not their fault because
they chose to stay sick.
People with cancer don't
choose to stay sick?
I just wanted
the voices to stop.
What?
What voices. Rich?
The voices.
The ones that say
you're not good enough.
and you're never gonna be good
enough. and that life sucks.
and it's always gonna suck.
and there's nothing
you can do about it.
When I drink though. you know.
when I smoke. snort. pop.
I finally feel okay.
And that's all I've ever
wanted. was to feel okay.
It will be okay.
So. you know. who wants food?
Well. yeah. we
should eat something.
Yeah.
Hey. Rich. can
we talk real quick?
So you said something
earlier. um.
about how you've been feeling
and how you wanted
to stop the voices.
Remember my dad?
Yeah.
He's a funny guy.
He started having
problems after I left home.
I try not to think about
it very much but when I do.
I realize he sounded
a lot like you.
He was looking for
distractions. ya know?
Whether he was home. at work.
he had these voices.
He said they would tell
him he wasn't worth it.
That nothing was worth it.
And he was just trying
to silence them too.
Does he drink like me?
He didn't drink.
Didn't?
He killed himself.
He didn't drink.
he didn't do drugs.
he was just. ah. looking for
a way to silence the voices.
And I think he was just
looking until he found a way.
I'm not trying to kill myself.
You drink more than
anyone I've ever seen. man.
You do excessive amounts of
any drug that's handed to you.
so. so if you're not
looking for death
then I don't know what the
hell you're looking for. man.
Because that's the
only possible thing
that you're gonna find
in every dark alley
or hole that you crawl in.
I guess I. I think
it would be okay
if I wasn't here anymore.
I think then maybe
Kayla could find someone
who wasn't an idiot.
and then my friends
wouldn't have to deal
with my bullshit. ya know?
You're wrong. Rich.
You're wrong.
We're here because we love
you. because you are worth it.
And. I didn't get to
say that to my dad.
But I sure as hell can tell you.
I'm not gonna watch
you kill yourself.
I can't.
- Howdy.
- Whoa. what the?
What the hell?
Hey. ah. hi. who are you?
I'm sorry. this is
private property. man.
you're trespassing.
Well. I don't really
believe that anyone
can own a piece of the Earth.
Especially not a
piece of the Earth
that the Father has created.
I mean. really. we're all
just stewards of the planet
till he calls us home.
I appreciate you have
that perspective. right?
Ah. what the hell
are you doing here?
My name is Eli.
And I am on a pilgrimage.
I'm. I'm just so
happy to see you all.
I haven't seen anybody in days.
And. well. now I know
why the Father led me
into the wilderness. it
was so that I could meet
you beautiful people.
Uh. how many days you
said you'd been out here?
- Two or three.
- Have you eaten?
- Kayla. stranger danger?
- I agree.
Dude. it's okay. I mean.
look at him. he's hurt.
- Who cares?
- Stop.
I'm so sorry about that.
What happened to your hand?
Oh this. it's just a
mishap with a tree branch.
It's nothing serious.
I'm all right.
And I assure you that I am
of no harm to any of y'all.
Well. we just finished eating.
so I'm gonna get
you a plate. okay?
Get your girl.
Eli was it?
Um. you mentioned a pilgrimage.
Is. is that why you're here?
- Yes.
Bless you.
I was. I was. I was
lost. I'd lost my way.
And then I felt the Father.
and the Father led me
into the wilderness
so that I could find my purpose.
Let me get this straight.
Ah. so you wandered out
into the wilderness.
Did. did the Father like
give you GPS directions.
or some shit. like?
- And Yahweh said to Abraham
leave your home. your
country. your kinsmen.
and your father's home and
I will show you a new land.
Okay. gotcha (chuckles).
We've got a space cadet
on our hands right here.
You said something
about being lost.
I had no purpose.
I was adrift. I was a
lonely. desolate soul.
And I did whatever I
could to fulfill myself.
Alcohol. drugs. sex.
But none of it brought
me what I needed.
And then I found the Father.
And the Father loved me.
The Father needed me.
And the Father
showed me my purpose.
And it's you.
You are my purpose.
Well. damn. Rich.
We had this whole
intervention. all you needed
was the Father the
whole damn time.
You're very funny. my friend.
But you use your humor to
mask your anger and your hurt.
What did you just say to me?
You've. you've been watching us?
He been. how long have
you been watching us?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Okay. come on.
I have no need to watch.
The Father shows me
what I need to see.
And leads me to
where I need to be.
Only the spotless
sheep. free of blemish
ever get to meet the Father.
Now tell me.
Are you white as snow?
That some kinda
racist bullshit.
The Father gonna lead you
to get your ass beat. boy.
What's up?
I meant no offense. my friend.
Not your friend.
Those who will not listen
and receive thy greeting.
leave them and shake
the dust off your feet.
Judgment is swift my friend.
Cleanse thyself.
less ye be cleansed.
Okay. so. who wants s'mores?
Or. who wants to
pack everything up
and get the fuck outta
here as soon as possible?
Yo. if he comes back here.
I'm gonna fucking
murder him. okay.
- Jameson.
- He better not show
his face. man.
- Jameson.
- I ain't playing.
If you stay at this anger.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Yo. it's your fault
that we even up here
in the first place. so
shut your mouth. all right?
All right. dude. he's
joking. it's a joke.
What he said about me
wasn't no fucking joke.
This whole shit ain't funny.
Jameson. chill.
chill. let's go.
Y'all tripping.
All y'all tripping.
Go.
- Is he still out there?
- I hope not.
Take him on a
walk. please. fuck.
That is not how I imagined
the start of this trip going.
Thought it was going okay.
Till the psycho in the
ripped poncho showed up.
Richard. is anything
anyone is saying
getting through to you?
Yeah. as much as it
can right now. I guess.
But what does that even mean?
It's either getting
through to you or it's not.
I don't know what
you want me to say.
I know that my actions have
. have hurt you
and everyone else.
And all my bullshit has affected
everyone. and that sucks.
'Cause up until
this point. I've.
I've just ignored it.
Right.
Okay. well. that's
good. I mean it's good
that you're aware of that now.
Kayla. I. for what it's worth.
I am sorry.
I know I haven't been
sober long enough to have
a coherent conversation.
And I can't promise
what's gonna happen.
but I'm gonna try my best.
That's all I can
ask for. sweetheart.
I'm gonna go see
a man about a horse.
Okay. (chuckles) you do that.
And be careful of
the psycho hippie.
He's long gone.
Okay.
Hi. Kayla.
I feel so stupid doing
this. but I'm gonna try.
You know. I know that we were
talking about everything.
And it just. (exhales).
I wanted to say that I was.
I. I'm. I'm really sorry.
I've really been selfish.
I. I always thought
that I could just get by
saying. you know.
"I like to drink a lot
and I like to do drugs.
"And it's just my thing.
"and you know I'm
gonna do my thing."
And. you know. "It's my life.
nobody else is affected."
But other people are affected
and after talking with everyone.
it's pretty hard to keep
going in that direction. so.
I just wanted to say that
I'm gonna try to
go a different way.
And I. I wish I could
take it all back.
And I love you.
Jameson?
David?
God.
- Oh.
The black sheep.
I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to startle you.
It's okay. man. it's just
you were super weird over there
and now you're
sneaking up on me.
Oh. the Father requires
a ritual when a sacrifice
is to be made.
The cleansing of iniquity
and shame cannot happen
unless one is willing.
Yeah. see that's
the weird part.
Look I'm. I'm super happy
that you found your purpose.
In meetings. they talk
about a higher power
and I'm never listening.
But maybe I should
listen. ya know?
My brother. I'm so
happy to hear that.
Only through me does
one reach The Father.
Hello. Father.
Oh I speak to you on all
kinds of mediums today.
I found the people
you sent me for.
They did not receive my message.
But Father. fear not. I
will extend it to them
through any means necessary
so that your grace.
your grace. may lay upon
the land like a blanket
upon the babe.
Oh Father. I will
make you proud.
I will make you proud.
I am really happy with how
everything is going so far.
and how everyone has shared.
And. um. I just hope when you
watch this. that you can see
all of that. and
it will help you.
And that last
conversation we had.
it was really beautiful.
And I could see the
humanity that you have.
and I could see the man
that I fell in love with.
And I just hope that. um.
I hope that this will help
you come out a better person.
Hey. you okay?
Yeah. I'm just
talking to the camera.
Yeah I heard you. I
didn't wanna interrupt.
Yeah. you know. I'm.
I'm just hoping that this
would fix him. you know?
I just.
I just want him back.
Tall order.
Um. maybe we shouldn't
hope that this fixes him.
But maybe we hope that it
gives him the perspective
so he can fix himself.
Can I ask you. David. why
is it that you stuck around?
I mean. I've seen the way
Richard has treated you.
so why do you stay?
I guess I'm like you.
Um. I've always seen
the good in Rich.
And I've always been
a fan of the underdog
and there is no one
more under than Rich.
He is an underdog isn't he?
- Yeah.
- But he wasn't always
like that. you know.
it's like he brought
this upon himself.
Well. that's what makes
him endearing. ya know?
The guy that wasn't a fuck up.
who became a fuck up because
he wanted to be a fuck up.
Do you really think he
decided to be one though?
No.
No. I think addiction is a
disease. and I think addiction
decided that for you.
and you don't realize it
until it's too late.
Yeah. that is some greeting
card stuff right there.
Yeah. well. let's
hope that he can realize
that he's loved. and
what he stands to lose.
Anyway. I'm gonna go to sleep.
For real this time.
Why. why so early?
I mean. look. the
stars. it's incredible.
and I'm all alone out here.
Yes. I know. but I. I got
about three hours of sleep
last night. and Rich
is just exhausting.
So. I'm just gonna put
some music in my ears
and tune out the world.
Um. but if you need
anything. I'm right there.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Good night.
- Good night.
Sweet dreams.
♪ I came from the mud
Good thing we're not
all Richard. am I right?
I mean yeah. it
could be worse.
I know that much.
♪ You're strong like a tree
♪ There's roots where I stand
♪ Oh. I been running
from the law ♪
♪ Hope they won't
shoot me down South ♪
♪ They seen all
the seekers die ♪
♪ Try to catch me
hollering at the moon ♪
- Where the hell is Richard?
- Um. he just went
to the bathroom.
I saw a light over there.
I think he was
filming himself. so.
Yeah. that sound like Richard.
Kayla. how blind can you be?
How long has he be gone?
Long enough to take some pills.
or down a bottle
of God knows what?
Dayna. stop it. okay. stop it.
Right. I checked him
and all his stuff
before we came up here.
You check everywhere?
Yeah. 'cause I mean.
what. he ain't been able
to get nothing past you before?
Look. I'm pretty sure this
dude Richard done smuggled
some shit up here. all right?
And he probably in the
forest somewhere getting high
right now.
- Yeah. probably smuggled it
in his butt.
- Richard. that's what he do.
That's Richard. man.
Ew. that is so gross.
Babe. I know you want
this to work. obviously.
But if he just went to
pee. he'd be back by now.
- Facts.
- I told you this
before we left.
- I wish you weren't right.
Maybe.
- Right. that's Richard.
That's what he do.
We came up here for nothing.
No.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- I don't wanna
leave you alone.
- It's fine. David's here.
- Okay.
- Have fun.
Goddamn it. Richard.
We ain't gonna make it. huh?
- Yeah.
- Long day.
Kind of what we
expected. right?
I really wish we weren't right.
But like what else
is he usually doing
when he's gone that long?
Same ol' same. but.
I don't know. man.
Maybe we just being assholes.
He might've just went off to
just reflect on everything.
I mean. maybe.
Probably not though.
- Yeah.
- Mm.
You know how many times
I've had to talk my
sister off the ledge?
I bet. man.
Richard is a handful.
I mean. on a good day. and
he don't have any good days.
Yeah like.
what are those?
So. how did your
sister get you out here?
Like how does she keep
roping you into this stuff?
Um. well. the same vicious
cycle usually starts.
Um. I ignore her phone calls.
- Okay.
- Then she starts
blowing up my phone.
and then she leaves some kind
of sensational message like.
"Hey. I'm gonna go
search some encampments
"and alleys like by myself."
I can't let my sister
trudge through the darkest
parts of LA by herself.
So I go with her.
Ya know?
She loves him. she
wants to fight for him.
so all I can really
do is just be here
until she sees reason.
She got good intentions. man.
I honestly think
Rich could get sober.
It ain't gonna
happen on this trip.
What about you. yo?
That was a little
aggressive back there.
You get a little triggered
by that freaky weirdo?
It was barely even about that.
I didn't like that he just
ran up on us like that.
that wasn't cool.
I think you kinda
give that off.
like a Chandler
on "Friends" vibe.
Yup. maybe.
Maybe what he said
was true. and I mean.
that's why I was pissed
off. but screw it.
Eh. look. the truth hurt. I
hurt him. you know. fuck it.
The universe is even.
Maybe I should try that.
More fist fights.
No. I'm just kidding (laughs).
The humor. the humor covering
up the hurt and anger.
yeah. then maybe my
sister wouldn't think
I was such a bitch.
- Kayla don't think that.
- Are you sure about that?
I don't think that.
You don't?
No. I think you are kind.
caring. and beautiful.
Fuck?
- Whoa.
What was that?
- Hey. hello?
Hello?
- Yo. yo. yo. yo.
- Hold up.
- Yo. let's go back
and get the crew.
- Na. na. na. fuck that.
Hey.
- These woods
would be better with them.
- Fuck that.
Hey yo. Rich. if you. if
you playing games out here.
man. I'm gonna beat your ass.
That does not
sound like Richard.
Chill out. ah. I got
this. you just wait here.
Yo. Jameson. please.
please. please.
can we just go back
and get everybody.
I like don't have
a good feeling.
- Girl. look-
- I never like to go out-
Baby girl. you see me?
Look. I'm big.
- I see it.
I ain't gonna get
taken down by some weirdo
in a damn poncho. or Rich.
All right. you do
what you gotta do.
All right. okay.
- All right.
stop playing around.
Come on out.
Hey. show your face.
Let's do it.
Man. Ricky. stop playing. dawg.
Big Rich (gasps).
Jameson?
Oh my. Jameson. oh my. oh!
Jameson. what. oh. (indistinct).
Oh my God.
Oh (indistinct).
Oh my god. please no.
No. (sobs) no. no. please no.
Please. please.
No. no. please. please.
please. look. look.
you don't have to
do this. please.
David. David.
are you still awake?
Richard's been
gone. and (gasps).
Do you like my work?
What have you done?
Oh. I've purified the impure.
Fulfilling the purpose that
my Father sent me forth to do.
Oh and I'm so
excited. I'm so close.
I've never felt fulfillment
like this before.
I just. I knew. I knew.
I knew that if I listened
long enough. hard enough.
that. well. I'd be shown
the path to my fulfillment.
Now it's just you.
You're the last one.
The lost sheep.
Oh. darling. it's
time for you to return
to the shepherd by the grace
of my. red. right hand.
What have you
done to my sister?
Dayna!
Oh my God. where's
Richard. where's Richard?
You'll be joining
them soon. it's okay.
Freak.
The heat given off
by the decaying
suffering of death
of all mankind. suffering
of death of all mankind.
♪ Cracks between things
being (indistinct) ♪
♪ Tissue
♪ His ears were nothing
but dead (indistinct) ♪
♪ Out of his head
♪ His ears were nothing
but dead (indistinct) ♪
♪ The side of his head
♪ Got mad. it doesn't
matter when (indistinct) ♪
♪ He doesn't give a shit
♪ Why
♪ Go ahead and spit on it
♪ If you'll take it
slow we need no map ♪
♪ Those sponges